== Regentanz
*Regentanz* (German: <i>rain dance</i>) is a Ruby library to connect to Google's
innofficial (ie. undocumented and unsupported) weather API.

=== Installation
The gem is not published yet and can be installed from github:
 git clone git://github.com/kaupertmedia/regentanz.git
 cd regentanz
 gem build regentanz.gemspec
 gem install regentanz-<gemversion>.gem

Much easier using bundler:
 # Gemfile
 gem 'regentanz', :git => "git://github.com/carpodaster/regentanz"

=== Usage
Supply a location and a language to retrieve weather:
  weather = Regentanz::GoogleWeather.new(:location => "Berlin, Germany", :lang => :en)
  weather.current   # current condition
  weather.forecast  # array with forecast conditions

It uses <b>file-based caching</b> by default, other cache backends will follow.
See {Regentanz::Cache::Base}[https://github.com/carpodaster/regentanz/blob/master/lib/regentanz/cache/base.rb]
for details (and if you want to create your own backend).

=== Configuration
*Regentanz* can either be configured through a configure block or directly via
its configuration object. It uses sane defaults so there should be no need for
configuration to start right off. If you're using *Regentanz* with Rails,
a file in <tt>config/initializers</tt> is your friend.

Configure block:
 Regentanz.configure do |config|
   config.cache_backend Regentanz::Cache::File 
   config.cache_dir "/path/to/cache_file"
 end

Direct configuration:
 Regentanz.configuration.cache_dir = "/some/other/path"
 
See {Regentanz::Configuration}[https://github.com/carpodaster/regentanz/blob/master/lib/regentanz/configuration.rb]
for a full list of configurable options.

=== Credits
*Regentanz* is based upon and extracted from a standalone Ruby class made for
{berlin.kauperts.de}[http://berlin.kauperts.de] by {kaupert media gmbh}[http://kaupertmedia.de].